# just-tech-blog
</br>
The following CMS-style blog site has been created so published articles, blog posts, and opinions and thoughts can be posted to the blog.  The home page includes existing blog posts if any have been posted.  Navigation links are also included for the homepage and dashboard; and option to log in.  When the homepage option is selected then the user is taken to the homepage. The user can either sign up or sign in. 
</br>
When selected to sign up, then the user is prompted to create a username and password. When the sign-up button is selected the user’s, credentials are saved and logged into the site.  When the user revisits the site at a later time and chooses to sign in then they are prompted to enter username and password.  Once the user is logged in, they will see navigation links for the homepage, the dashboard, and the option to log out. User is taken to the homepage option in the navigation, they are taken to the homepage and presented with existing blog posts that include the post title and the date created. User can click on an existing blog post, they will see the post title, contents, post creator’s username, and date created for that post and have the option to leave a comment. 
</br> 
As the user is signed in, they will enter a comment and click on the submit button while signed in. The comment is saved and the post is updated to display the comment, the comment creator’s username, and the date created.  Users can click on the dashboard option in the navigation, then they are taken to the dashboard and presented with any blog posts they have already created and the option to add a new blog post.  
</br>
Next, they click on the button to add a new blog post and are prompted to enter both a title and contents for there blog post. Then the title and contents of their post are saved and they are taken back to an updated dashboard with a new blog post. They can click on an existing post in the dashboard and they are able to delete or update their post and taken back to an updated dashboard. When the user clicks on the logout option in the navigation then they are signed out of the site. If the site is idle for more than a given set time then they are able to view comments but they are prompted to log in again before they can add, update, or delete comments.
